Update the Licenses section to differentiate between kots and non-kots (#1249)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/releases-creating-customer.md

        </tr>
      </table>

1. (Optional) For **Custom fields**, configure any custom fields that are available for your Replicated application. For more information about how to create custom fields for your application, see [Managing Custom License Fields](licenses-adding-custom-fields).

1. Click **Save Changes**.

## Edit a Customer

You can edit the built-in and custom license fields for a customer at any time.

:::important

> For online environments, changing license entitlements can trigger changes to the customer's installed application instance during runtime. Replicated recommends that you verify the logic your application uses to enforce the target entitlement before making any changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For online environments, changing license entitlements can trigger changes to the customer's installed application instance during runtime. Replicated recommends that you verify the logic your application uses to query/enforce the target entitlement before making any changes.
```

:::

To edit license fields:

1. In the [vendor portal](https://vendor.replicated.com), click **Customers**.

1. Select the target customer and click the **Customer details** tab.

   :::note

>    Replicated recommends that you test any licenses changes in a development environment. If needed, install the application using the current customer license before editing the license in the following step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Replicated recommends that you test any licenses changes in a development environment. If needed, install the application using a dev license matching the current customer's entitlements before editing the dev license to validate the update flow.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks! Yes, I thought it was more of a prerequisite rather than related to this step, but there's no clean way to call it out with a "Note:" or with a prereq heading, so I'll just move it to the intro paragraph for now - unless I get a brilliant idea.
